Questions regarding Uploaded Image Classification:

1. Did the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed? If not, 
report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
VGG: Classified Dog_01.jpg as American Staffordshire terrier, Staffordshire terrier, 
American pit bull terrier, pit bull terrier. However, it classified Dog_02.jpg as Doberman, Doberman pinscher.  
ResNet: Classified both Dog_01.jpg and Dog_02.jpg as American Staffordshire terrier, Staffordshire terrier, 
American pit bull terrier, pit bull terrier.  
AlexNet: Classified both Dog_01.jpg and Dog_02.jpg as Weimaraner.

2. Did each of the three model architectures classify the breed of dog in Dog_01.jpg to be the same breed
of dog as that model architecture classified Dog_02.jpg? If not, report the differences in the classifications.

Answer: 
AlexNet: Classified both Dog_01.jpg and Dog_02.jpg as the same breed: Weimaraner.  
VGG: Classified Dog_01.jpg as American Staffordshire terrier, Staffordshire terrier, American pit bull terrier, 
pit bull terrier, and Dog_02.jpg as Doberman, Doberman pinscher.  
ResNet: Classified both Dog_01.jpg and Dog_02.jpg as the same breed: American Staffordshire terrier, 
Staffordshire terrier, American pit bull terrier, pit bull terrier.

3. Did the three model architectures correctly classify Animal_Name_01.jpg and Object_Name_01.jpg to not be dogs?
If not, report the misclassifications.

Answer: 
All three architectures correctly classified Bengal_Tiger_01.jpg and Motorcycle_01.jpg as not being dogs.


4. Based upon your answers for questions 1. - 3. above, select the model architecture that you feel did the best
at classifying the four uploaded images. Describe why you selected that model architecture as the best on uploaded image classification.

Answer:
I believe VGG performed best in classifying the uploaded images. While AlexNet and ResNet correctly classified 
all images, VGG provided more granular and diverse breed classifications. For instance, VGG identified Dog_01.jpg 
as American Staffordshire terrier, Staffordshire terrier, American pit bull terrier, pit bull terrier and Dog_02.jpg 
as Doberman, Doberman pinscher. This demonstrates VGG's ability to distinguish nuanced variations/orientations in 
dog breeds, making it a more ‘robust’ classifier for this dataset. However, AlexNet and ResNet's consistency in 
classifying the same breed across both dog images may suggest they are both better in broader generalization.  
This leads me to the conclusion that depending on the use-cases for example, granular breed detection, then VGG's 
nuanced classification is the best choice. However, AlexNet and ResNet's consistency in classifying the same
breed across both dog images may suggest they are both better in broader generalization.  
